Retrieved from http://sketchup.google.com/intl/en/3dwh/tos.html on January 31st, 2012


    Welcome to Google!

The Google 3D Warehouse is a place for people to gather and share 3D
content, including models that are intended for use in Google Earth.
Users may directly upload 3D models in the SketchUp and Keyhole Markup
Language (KML) formats. Additionally, the 3D Warehouse is the storage
repository for Building Maker models. Geographically positioned
realistic models of current real-world items may be included in Google
Earth and other Google properties.


      1. Your relationship with Google

1.1 Your use of Google’s products, software, services and web sites
(referred to collectively as the “Services” in this document and
excluding any services provided to you by Google under a separate
written agreement) is subject to the terms of a legal agreement between
you and Google. “Google” means Google Inc., whose principal place of
business is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043,
United States. This document explains how the agreement is made up, and
sets out some of the terms of that agreement.

1.2 Unless otherwise agreed in writing with Google, your agreement with
Google will always include, at a minimum, the terms and conditions set
out in this document. These are referred to below as the “Universal Terms”.

1.3 Your agreement with Google will also include the terms of any Legal
Notices applicable to the Services, in addition to the Universal Terms.
All of these are referred to below as the “Additional Terms”. Where
Additional Terms apply to a Service, these will be accessible for you to
read either within, or through your use of, that Service.

1.4 The Universal Terms, together with the Additional Terms, form a
legally binding agreement between you and Google in relation to your use
of the Services. It is important that you take the time to read them
carefully. Collectively, this legal agreement is referred to below as
the “Terms”.

1.5 If there is any contradiction between what the Additional Terms say
and what the Universal Terms say, then the Additional Terms shall take
precedence in relation to that Service.


      2. Accepting the Terms

2.1 In order to use the Services, you must first agree to the Terms. You
may not use the Services if you do not accept the Terms.

2.2 You can accept the Terms by:

    (A) clicking to accept or agree to the Terms, where this option is
    made available to you by Google in the user interface for any
    Service; or
    (B) by actually using the Services. In this case, you understand and
    agree that Google will treat your use of the Services as acceptance
    of the Terms from that point onwards.

2.3 You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms if (a) you
are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Google, or (b) you
are a person barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the
United States or other countries including the country in which you are
resident or from which you use the Services.

2.4 Before you continue, you should print off or save a local copy of
the Universal Terms for your records.


      3. Language of the Terms

3.1 Where Google has provided you with a translation of the English
language version of the Terms, then you agree that the translation is
provided for your convenience only and that the English language
versions of the Terms will govern your relationship with Google.

3.2 If there is any contradiction between what the English language
version of the Terms says and what a translation says, then the English
language version shall take precedence.


      4. Provision of the Services by Google

4.1 Google has subsidiaries and affiliated legal entities around the
world (“Subsidiaries and Affiliates”). Sometimes, these companies will
be providing the Services to you on behalf of Google itself. You
acknowledge and agree that Subsidiaries and Affiliates will be entitled
to provide the Services to you.

4.2 Google is constantly innovating in order to provide the best
possible experience for its users. You acknowledge and agree that the
form and nature of the Services which Google provides may change from
time to time without prior notice to you.

4.3 As part of this continuing innovation, you acknowledge and agree
that Google may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services
(or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally at
Google’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. You may stop
using the Services at any time. You do not need to specifically inform
Google when you stop using the Services.

4.4 You acknowledge and agree that if Google disables access to your
account, you may be prevented from accessing the Services, your account
details or any files or other content which is contained in your account.

4.5 You acknowledge and agree that while Google may not currently have
set a fixed upper limit on the number of transmissions you may send or
receive through the Services or on the amount of storage space used for
the provision of any Service, such fixed upper limits may be set by
Google at any time, at Google’s discretion.


      5. Use of the Services by you

5.1 In order to access certain Services, you may be required to provide
information about yourself (such as identification or contact details)
as part of the registration process for the Service, or as part of your
continued use of the Services. You agree that any registration
information you give to Google will always be accurate, correct and up
to date.

5.2 You agree to use the Services only for purposes that are permitted
by (a) the Terms and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally
accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions
(including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from
the United States or other relevant countries).

5.3 You agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of the Services
by any means other than through the interface that is provided by
Google, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate
agreement with Google. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt
to access) any of the Services through any automated means (including
use of scripts or web crawlers) and shall ensure that you comply with
the instructions set out in any robots.txt file present on the Services.

5.4 You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes
with or disrupts the Services (or the servers and networks which are
connected to the Services).

5.5 Unless you have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate
agreement with Google, you agree that you will not reproduce, duplicate,
copy, sell, trade or resell the Services for any purpose.

5.6 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has
no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your
obligations under the Terms and for the consequences (including any loss
or damage which Google may suffer) of any such breach.

5.7 You agree that you will not:

 1. defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the
    legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
 2. upload, post, email or transmit or otherwise make available any
    inappropriate, defamatory, infringing, obscene, or unlawful Content;
 3. upload, post, email or transmit or otherwise make available any
    Content that infringes any patent, trademark, copyright, trade
    secret or other proprietary right of any party, unless you are the
    owner of such rights or have the permission of the owner to post
    such Content;
 4. upload, post, email or transmit or otherwise make available messages
    that promote pyramid schemes, chain letters or disruptive commercial
    messages or advertisements, or anything else prohibited by law,
    these Terms or any applicable policies or guidelines.
 5. download any file posted by another that you know, or reasonably
    should know, that cannot be legally distributed in such manner;
 6. impersonate another person or entity, or falsify or delete any
    author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary
    designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other
    material;
 7. restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying Google
    services;
 8. use Google services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose;
 9. submit Content that falsely expresses or implies that such Content
    is sponsored or endorsed by Google;
10. create user accounts by automated means or under false or fraudulent
    pretenses;
11. promote or provide instructional information about illegal
    activities or promote physical harm or injury against any group or
    individual; or
12. transmit any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, or any items of
    a destructive nature.


      6. Your passwords and account security

6.1 You agree and understand that you are responsible for maintaining
the confidentiality of passwords associated with any account you use to
access the Services.

6.2 Accordingly, you agree that you will be solely responsible to Google
for all activities that occur under your account.

6.3 If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of
your account, you agree to notify Google immediately
at http://www.google.com/support/accounts/bin/answer.py?answer=58585.


      7. Privacy and your personal information

7.1 For information about Google’s data protection practices, please
read Google’s privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy.html. This
policy explains how Google treats your personal information, and
protects your privacy, when you use the Services.

7.2 You agree to the use of your data in accordance with Google’s
privacy policies.


      8. Content in the Services

8.1 You understand that all information (such as data files, written
text, computer software, music, audio files or other sounds,
photographs, videos or other images) which you may have access to as
part of, or through your use of, the Services are the sole
responsibility of the person from which such content originated. All
such information is referred to below as the “Content”.

8.2 You should be aware that Content presented to you as part of the
Services, including but not limited to advertisements in the Services
and sponsored Content within the Services may be protected by
intellectual property rights which are owned by the sponsors or
advertisers who provide that Content to Google (or by other persons or
companies on their behalf). With the exception of Content generated by
you, you may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create
derivative works based on this Content (either in whole or in part)
unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by Google or
by the owners of that Content, in a separate agreement. For the
avoidance of doubt, you may modify, distribute, and create derivative
works of Content uploaded by other users in 3D Warehouse.

8.3 Google reserves the right (but shall have no obligation) to
pre-screen, review, flag, filter, modify, refuse or remove any or all
Content from any Service. For some of the Services, Google may provide
tools to filter out explicit sexual content. These tools include the
SafeSearch preference settings
(see http://www.google.com/help/customize.html#safe). In addition, there
are commercially available services and software to limit access to
material that you may find objectionable.

8.4 You understand that by using the Services you may be exposed to
Content that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable and that,
in this respect, you use the Services at your own risk.

8.5 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has
no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any Content that you
create, transmit or display while using the Services and for the
consequences of your actions (including any loss or damage which Google
may suffer) by doing so.


      9. Proprietary rights

9.1 You acknowledge and agree that Google (or Google’s licensors) own
all legal right, title and interest in and to the Services, including
any intellectual property rights which subsist in the Services (whether
those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world
those rights may exist). You further acknowledge that the Services may
contain information which is designated confidential by Google and that
you shall not disclose such information without Google’s prior written
consent.

9.2 Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with Google, nothing in
the Terms gives you a right to use any of Google’s trade names, trade
marks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand
features.

9.3 If you have been given an explicit right to use any of these brand
features in a separate written agreement with Google, then you agree
that your use of such features shall be in compliance with that
agreement, any applicable provisions of the Terms, and Google's brand
feature use guidelines as updated from time to time. These guidelines
can be viewed online
at http://www.google.com/permissions/guidelines.html (or such other URL
as Google may provide for this purpose from time to time).

9.4 Other than the limited license set forth in Section 11 (and 20.2, if
applicable), Google acknowledges and agrees that it obtains no right,
title or interest from you (or your licensors) under these Terms in or
to any Content that you submit, post, transmit or display on, or
through, the Services, including any intellectual property rights which
subsist in that Content (whether those rights happen to be registered or
not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). Unless you have
agreed otherwise in writing with Google, you agree that you are
responsible for protecting and enforcing those rights and that Google
has no obligation to do so on your behalf.

9.5 You agree that you shall not add misleading proprietary rights
notices to or remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices
(including copyright and trade mark notices) which may be affixed to or
contained within the Services or Content licensed from the Services
under these Terms.

9.6 Unless you have been expressly authorized to do so in writing by
Google, you agree that in using the Services, you will not use any trade
mark, service mark, trade name, logo of any company or organization in a
way that is likely or intended to cause confusion about the owner or
authorized user of such marks, names or logos.


      10. License from Google

10.1 Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free,
non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to
you by Google as part of the Services as provided to you by Google
(referred to as the “Software” below). This license is for the sole
purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as
provided by Google, in the manner permitted by the Terms.

10.2 You may not (and you may not permit anyone else to) copy, modify,
create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise
attempt to extract the source code of the Software or any part thereof,
unless this is expressly permitted or required by law, or unless you
have been specifically told that you may do so by Google, in writing.

10.3 Unless Google has given you specific written permission to do so,
you may not assign (or grant a sub-license of) your rights to use the
Software, grant a security interest in or over your rights to use the
Software, or otherwise transfer any part of your rights to use the Software.


      11. Content license from you

11.1

(a) You retain copyright and any other rights you already hold in
Content which you submit, post or display on or through, the Services.

(b) By submitting, posting or displaying the content you give Google a
perpetual, sublicensable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and
non-exclusive license to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish,
publicly perform, publicly display and distribute any Content or
derivative works thereof which you submit, post or display on or
through, the Services.

This license is for the sole purpose of enabling Google to display,
distribute and promote the Services and may be revoked for certain
Services as defined in the Additional Terms of those Services.

(c) By publicly posting or displaying the content you give other end
users of the Services a perpetual, sublicensable, irrevocable,
worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, adapt,
modify, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and
distribute (subject to the restrictions set forth in Sections 11.4 and
20.3 of these Terms) any Content or derivative works thereof which you
publicly post or display on or through the Services.

11.2 You agree that this license includes a right for Google to make
such Content available to other companies, organizations or individuals
with whom Google has relationships for the provision of syndicated
services, and to use such Content in connection with the provision of
those services.

11.3 You retain the right to: (a) make content that you upload to 3D
Warehouse using Google SketchUp or third party services available under
different license terms, and (b) stop distributing such Content through
3D Warehouse at any time; provided, however that any such election will
not serve to withdraw the license granted under these Terms.  In order
to stop distributing such Content through 3D Warehouse, you must
terminate these Terms as set forth in Section 13, or utilize the content
removal function provided within the service, in which case the content
removal will be effective within two (2) days.

11.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, without Google’s prior
authorization, you may not: (i) aggregate Content obtained from Google
Services for redistribution, or (ii) use or distribute Content obtained
from Google Services in a mapping or geographic application or service.

11.5 You understand that Google, in performing the required technical
steps to provide the Services to our users, may (a) transmit or
distribute your Content over various public networks and in various
media; and (b) make such changes to your Content as are necessary to
conform and adapt that Content to the technical requirements of
connecting networks, devices, services or media. You agree that this
license shall permit Google to take these actions.

11.6 You confirm and warrant to Google that you have all the rights,
power and authority necessary to grant the above license.


      12. Software updates

12.1 The Software which you use may automatically download and install
updates from time to time from Google. These updates are designed to
improve, enhance and further develop the Services and may take the form
of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules and completely
new versions. You agree to receive such updates (and permit Google to
deliver these to you) as part of your use of the Services.


      13. Ending your relationship with Google

13.1 The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or
Google as set out below.

13.2 If you want to terminate your legal agreement with Google, you may
do so by providing notice to Google
at http://www.google.com/support/sketchup/bin/request.py provided,
however, that a terminated account may continue to exist for some period
of time before such cancellation takes effect.

13.3 Google may at any time and for any reason, including a period of
account inactivity, terminate your access to Google Services, terminate
these Terms, or suspend or terminate your account. In the event of
termination, your account will be disabled and you may not be granted
access to your account or any files or other content contained in your
account although residual copies of information may remain in our system.

13.4 Nothing in this Section shall affect Google’s rights regarding
provision of Services under Section 4 of the Terms.

13.5 When these Terms come to an end, all of the legal rights,
obligations and liabilities that you and Google have benefited from,
been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the Terms have
been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely shall be
unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of paragraph 22.7 shall
continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.


      14. INDEMNITY

You agree to hold harmless and indemnify Google, and its subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, agents, and employees, advertisers or partners,
from and against any third party claim arising from or in any way
related to your use of Google Services, violation of these Terms or any
other actions connected with use of Google Services, including any
liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual
and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys'
fees, of every kind and nature. In such a case, Google will provide you
with written notice of such claim, suit or action.


      15. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES

15.1 NOTHING IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING SECTIONS 15 AND 16, SHALL EXCLUDE
OR LIMIT GOOGLE’S WARRANTY OR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE
LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO
NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY
NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THE LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE
LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY WILL BE
LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

15.2 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS
AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS
AVAILABLE.”

15.3 IN PARTICULAR, GOOGLE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS
LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:

    (A) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS,
    (B) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE
    OR FREE FROM ERROR,
    (C) ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE
    SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE,
    (D) THAT DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE
    PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED, AND
    (E) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER
    MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH GOOGLE SERVICES WILL
    MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.

15.4 ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF
THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL
BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER
DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.

15.5 NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU
FROM GOOGLE OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY
NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.

15.6 GOOGLE FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF
ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.


      16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

16.1 SUBJECT TO OVERALL PROVISION IN PARAGRAPH 15.1 ABOVE, YOU EXPRESSLY
UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT GOOGLE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND
ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:

    (A) ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL OR
    EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, HOWEVER CAUSED AND
    UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, ANY
    LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), ANY LOSS
    OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED, COST
    OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE
    LOSS; RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE GOOGLE
    SERVICES; (II) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR
    TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (III) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD
    PARTY ON GOOGLE SERVICES; OR (IV) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO
    GOOGLE SERVICES
    (B) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING BUT
    NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OR DAMAGE AS A RESULT OF:

        (I) ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY YOU ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR
        EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP
        OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE
        ADVERTISING APPEARS ON THE SERVICES;
        (II) ANY CHANGES WHICH GOOGLE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR
        ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE
        SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);
        (III) THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY
        CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED
        BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;
        (III) YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE GOOGLE WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT
        INFORMATION;
        (IV) YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS
        SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.

16.2 THE LIMITATIONS ON GOOGLE’S LIABILITY TO YOU IN PARAGRAPH 16.1
ABOVE SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT GOOGLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD
HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.


      17. Copyright and trade mark policies

17.1 It is Google’s policy to respond to notices of alleged copyright
infringement that comply with applicable international intellectual
property law (including, in the United States, the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act) and to terminating the accounts of repeat infringers.
Details of Google’s policy can be found at http://www.google.com/dmca.html.

17.2 Google operates a trade mark complaints procedure in respect of
Google’s advertising business, details of which can be found
at http://www.google.com/tm_complaint.html.

17.3 By submitting Content through the Services, you authorize Google to
use your trademarks, service marks, trade names, proprietary logos,
domain names and any other source or business identifiers in connection
with Google's authorized distribution of the Content, including for
promotional purposes.


      18. Advertisements

18.1 Some of the Services are supported by advertising revenue and may
display advertisements and promotions. These advertisements may be
targeted to the content of information stored on the Services, queries
made through the Services or other information.

18.2 The manner, mode and extent of advertising by Google on the
Services are subject to change without specific notice to you.

18.3 You agree that Google shall not be responsible or liable for any
loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of any such
dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on Google
Services.

18.3 In consideration for Google granting you access to and use of the
Services, you agree that Google may place such advertising on the Services.


      19. Other content

19.1 The Services may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content
or resources. Google may have no control over any web sites or resources
which are provided by companies or persons other than Google.

19.2 You acknowledge and agree that Google is not responsible for the
availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not
endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available
from such web sites or resources.

19.3 You acknowledge and agree that Google is not liable for any loss or
damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of
those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed
by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising,
products or other materials on, or available from, such web sites or
resources.


      20. Additional Terms for Building Maker

20.1 If you use Building Maker, then the terms in this Section 20 will
also apply. In the event of any conflict between this Section 20 and the
rest of the Terms with respect to your use of Building Maker, then this
Section 20 will take precedence.

20.2 With respect to Content generated by you in Building Maker, in
addition to the license set forth in 11.1, you also grant Google a
perpetual, sublicensable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and
non-exclusive license to sell, trade, or resell Content or derivative
works thereof, and you acknowledge that Google retains the right to
delete any Building Maker Content at its sole discretion and without
notice.

20.3 Models created in Building Maker include proprietary imagery. You
may not disassociate or separate the imagery from any Building Maker
model and use or make it available outside of Google Services.


      21. Changes to the Terms

21.1 Google may make changes to the Universal Terms or Additional Terms
from time to time. When these changes are made, Google will make a new
copy of the Universal Terms available
at http://www.google.com/accounts/TOS?hl=en and any new Additional Terms
will be made available to you from within, or through, the affected
Services.

21.2 You understand and agree that if you use the Services after the
date on which the Universal Terms or Additional Terms have changed,
Google will treat your use as acceptance of the updated Universal Terms
or Additional Terms.


      22. General legal terms

22.1 Sometimes when you use the Services, you may (as a result of, or
through your use of the Services) use a service or download a piece of
software, or purchase goods, which are provided by another person or
company. Your use of these other services, software or goods may be
subject to separate terms between you and the company or person
concerned. If so, the Terms do not affect your legal relationship with
these other companies or individuals.

22.2 The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and
Google and govern your use of the Services (but excluding any services
which Google may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and
completely replace any prior agreements between you and Google in
relation to the Services.

22.3 You agree that Google may provide you with notices, including those
regarding changes to the Terms, by email, regular mail, or postings on
the Services.

22.4 You agree that if Google does not exercise or enforce any legal
right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which Google has the
benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a
formal waiver of Google’s rights and that those rights or remedies will
still be available to Google.

22.5 If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this
matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that
provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of
the Terms. The remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be
valid and enforceable.

22.6 You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of
companies of which Google is the parent shall be third party
beneficiaries to the Terms and that such other companies shall be
entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the Terms
which confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than
this, no other person or company shall be third party beneficiaries to
the Terms.

22.7 The Terms, and your relationship with Google under the Terms, shall
be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its
conflict of laws provisions. You and Google agree to submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa
Clara, California to resolve any legal matter arising from the Terms.
Notwithstanding this, you agree that Google shall still be allowed to
apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal
relief) in any jurisdiction.

